High Level Design
	Groundwork:
		Setup base Application
		Create Router
		Create Basic HTML Page layouts
			+ CSS
		Create Templating Helper Functions
		Determine Database solution (likely arango, but tbd)
		Look for a website style to follow
			- Ideally something nostalgic feeling, but still convenient to navigate
		
	Router + Pages Needed:
		Header + Footer partial html files
			Sends down core libraries like jquery, threejs, and animejs
			as well as CSS

			Header bar:
				Logged-out has a homepage button and a login/signup button
				Logged-in version has:
					homepage button,
					level editor button,
					character editor button,
					prop editor button
					profile button

		index.html
			Hosts what will be the main game application, dubbed BEHOLDER ONLINE
			For now represented by a threejs rotating cube example

		login-register.html
			Hosts 2 forms for logging in or making a new account

		level-editor.html
			A page for hosting the level editor app, dubbed REBAR

		character-editor.html
			A page for hosting the character editor app, dubbed TOXIC BARREL

		prop-editor.html
			A page for hosting the prop editor, dubbed CONSTRUCTOMANCER
		
		surface-editor.html
			A page for hosting surface editor, dubbed RESURFACE
			Used as floor, wall, and ceiling textures in REBAR but with extra properties
				e.g. a sludge texture that is animated and knows to slow characters on it

		profile.html
			A page for hosting a particular users profile
			uses username for distinction
			Send friend requests
			
		content-manager.html
			Manage the publicity or your own content
			Quick-load into an editor with a particular item to modify it
			Delete content you don't want anymore
			Unsubscribe from other people's content or view what you are subscribed to
			
		content-browser.html
			Browse through public and friend content across the site. Filter by content type and/or content name
			Subscribe to content to see it in level editor.
			
		profile-browser.html
			Browse users, filter by partial or full-name searches
			Friends are in a super-priority area above other users... maybe a sidebar?
		
	Editor needs:
		All editors need to be able to import and export JSON for the sake of saving and loading.
		
		REBAR
			A GZDoom-esque editor. Start with an "inverted box", a door for the entrance, and an objective gem.
			Level needs to be manually completed before it can be made public.
			Public levels can be navigated to from BEHOLDER ONLINE
			
			Allows user to draw regions using a knife tool, extrude regions, or grab and move edges or corners of regions
				-The goal is to get a warbled look like the world of Dungeon Keeper 2.
				
			Level testing happens in BEHOLDER ONLINE... somehow... so I don't need to manage the game code twice.
			
			Can publish updates to level after its been made public without making a new level
				-Still requires author to complete level
				
		TOXIC-BARREL
			A spore-esque character editor.
			Leans towards making "Toejam & Earl" type characters, but should be able to handle all sorts of monsters or cute characters.
			Parts indicate stats of character.
			All characters have:
				Armor Class (AC), Morale Level (ML), Hit Dice (HD), THACO (To Hit armor class zero),
				Attacks (determined by limbs or gear), Treasure Type (pick from a dropdown), race name,
				and quirks (tbd)
			Optionally, a character can be marked as unique
				in which case, Hit Dice becomes Hit Points
				and the character cannot be placed more than once in the level editor
				Players playing as a unique character that has that unique character placed on the map will play as normal
				
		CONSTRUCTOMANCER
			Allows the creation of non-functional props
			This one may just import models into a scene to use for scaling your prop
			Set the following:
				collision, size, orientation, can be moved, weight (if moveable), 
				can be destroyed, Hit Dice (if destructible), treasure type (if descrutctible),
				and name
		
		RESURFACE
			Import textures and modify how they appear in BEHOLDER ONLINE and possible affect the world.
			Can set texture to scroll on x/y (for running water or oozing sludge) as well as scroll speed.
			Can assign one or more texture hazards:
				slowing: reduces speed of things moving on it by an amount. Modifier range: 0.25-0.9
				boost: increases move speed of things moving on it by an amount. Modifier range: 1.1-2.0
				treadmill: forces movement in direction of scroll speed, affected by orientation or region texture is applied to
				damage: deals 1 damage every X seconds (0.25 - 5.0)
				healing: heals 1 HP every X seconds (0.25 - 5.0)
				bane: Reduces an attribute while standing on this texture (AC, THACO, ML, Attack Damage)
				boon: Improves an attribute while standing on this texture (AC, THACO, ML, Attack Damage)
				terrify: Forces morale check every X seconds (1 - 10)